Create SECURITY.md (#2505)
OpenGamma/Strata: SECURITY.md

# Strata Security Policy

This document outlines the security procedure for Strata: https://github.com/OpenGamma/Strata.

## Supported Versions

We only support the latest version of Strata.

> If an issue is found, users will be expected to upgrade to the latest version to pickup the patch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an issue is found, users will be expected to upgrade to the latest version to pick up the patch.
```
